feat(dws): add a new datasource to get list of workload queues (#4353)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/dws_workload_queues.md

---
subcategory: "Data Warehouse Service (DWS)"
---

# huaweicloud_dws_workload_queues

> Use this data source to get the name list of workload queues.

Reviewer: not only names returned.

Author: done

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "cluster_id" {}

data "huaweicloud_dws_workload_queues" "test" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the data source.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `cluster_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the cluster ID which the workload queue belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cluster_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the cluster ID to which the workload queue belongs.
```

Author: done

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the workload queue.

> * `logical_cluster_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the cluster. This parameter is mandatory
>   if the cluster is an logical cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logical_cluster_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the cluster.
  Required if the cluster is a logical cluster.
```

Author: done

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `queues` - The workload queue configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `queues` - The list of the workload queues.
```

Author: done

  The [queues](#attrblock_queues) structure is documented below.

<a name="attrblock_queues"></a>
The `queues` block supports:

* `configuration` - The configuration information for workload queue.
  The [configuration](#attrblock_queues_configuration) structure is documented below.

* `logical_cluster_name` - The logical cluster name.

* `name` - The name of the workload queue.

* `short_query_concurrency_num` - The concurrency of short queries in the workload queue.

* `short_query_optimize` - Short query acceleration switch.
  + **t**: open

>   + **f**: close

Reviewer: TypeBool please.
 t? f? it is hard to understand

Author: done
